---
layout: post
title: The 300 Project, 2022-2023
date: 2022-11-23 21:37:14 -0500
category: 300-project-2023
tags: []
---

Some days start late. I roll over, hit the snooze button a few times (more like an hour’s worth of snoozing, I’m not gonna lie), and barely make my desk on time.  Some days start way early.  Today was an early day.  I got up, got my mind engaged, and settled into the mental mindset to deal with the organized chaos of keeping Indiana’s largest single-site 911 EMS service up and running. I looked at downloading some podcasts I’ve been meaning to listen to.  As I was getting focused, 22 minutes of _Fire Officer’s Handbook of Tactics, Fourth Edition_, the classic S&T book by Chief John Norman filled out my Audible selection for the morning.  On my nightstand, my latest literary purchase - which made my sling bag for the day.

A step back - Yesterday, while recovering from the latest boo-boo bug making the rounds, I ran some errands. Along with some well-needed maintenance on the Civic, a grocery trip or two, and a trip to the vape shop, I made my way down West 38th, just a stones-throw from IEMS Headquarters, and bought a gift or two at Target. 

When I go to Target, usually on a random errand for clothes or laundry soap, I make a round by the notebook/planner aisle.  While I’ve switched most of my journaling and blogging to digital format, the pen-and-notebook sucker in me always likes to look for the sexiest, smoothest writing notebook and exceptional gel pen that will glide along the page as the words flow.  And there, on the shelf, I found something quirky and new.  This book was a deal at $4.99, and from limited research, I’ve found that it’s made for someone just like me who is full of random thoughts and ideas but can’t manage to put a one of them to paper or digital format.

The book is _300 Writing Prompts_ by Piccadilly Press.  I’m hoping along with some of my old blogging topics, it will give me a release from the mundane, monotonous stream of writing code, professional standards documents, standard operating procedures, standard operating guidelines, and general orders.  

Speaking of procedures, policies, and nerd shiz, I must be back to my CFR 1910.134 studies…much, much more to come!  Check out and follow the **300-project-2023** category to see my latest 2022-2023 300 Project work!

